beautiful madrid presents three characters
new with all of us is the king
Lion
as Sanz Elena and her big claws
it is yellow advisory and its red tongue
with great teeth
all this is made with material from
good quality
with a long hair also has a
pigtail also has a pigtail
has a tail behind that the king read
is teaching us right now
and he's going to give us a big kiss
all children
we are also toy story
name cowboy bust his face is
made with acrylic material
Your beautiful hat is made of cloth
his jeans
his gun that goes with it now the
privacy
his nice red handkerchief
and has some very nice boots
to see those of a little 'toy story'
very good very good
and also with us is toy story
white robot
The whole suit is made of material from
latex while your face is
made of acrylic
and he sends us a big kiss to all the
children
to his gloves his pretty eyes his hat
pink
your chest
and his belt
black
we take a little spin from behind and
we see
they all say goodbye to us
sending in many many kisses and many
congratulations to all the children
goodbye we are in parties campanitas
Madrid
the contracts 63
21 75 30 2
another phone
67 80 and 26
but 72 there you can find us
with the prefix 91 from madrid